# IBM_CIC_hiring_test

I have chosen the 3rd project, where the goal was to create a chatbot. First I considered using C++ to create the chatbot since this to me was the obvious choice to create a chatbot in. I instead choose python, since this is the programming language if feel the most comfortable in, and I would therefore be able to create more than if I had chosen C++. If I had chosen C++ I would have had more freedom to create my chatbot, and therefore I would have been able to make a faster working bot, but since non of the procedures in my script takes long to load, this is not completely necessary but could be if the bot were to be expanded on.

Using Python I choose to apply the Chatterbot structure available from Github: https://chatterbot.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html. The reason for using this chatbot structure, was that it has a very well laid out documentation, and it is updated frequently so it therefore is easy to figure out how it works, and how you can develope your chatbot even further using the structure. In order to run the code, you will need to pip install the following packages: chatterbot, chatterbot_corpus, spacy, 'python3 -m spacy download en', dash. I also used the API's dash and openweathermap.

I started by loading in some standard greetings and conversations developed by chatterbot, to give the bot some basic abilities. I then thought it some other user-defined conversations like if the user types "Thank you" the bot will respond "You are very welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?". I then ask the user for the person's name, and throughout the conversation, the compiler will have a User: Bot: User: Bot: structure, which I think looks nicer. Now the bot has an introductory greeting saying its name IBMaria and tells the user to type 'help' if in doubt of what to ask, I like this feature since I wanted to have a clear manual-like structure through the prompt. In the beginning, if you don't know what to do it tells you to write 'help', if you type 'help', you get some options on what to ask and so on. Then I created a while loop in order to have the bot running until some hardcoded 'farewells' are written. 

I then made the help window which is hardcoded to some user inputs. It simply lists different tasks the bot can help with. Then I made it possible for the user to ask for the hammer sortiment in the store with a hardcoded "What is the available hammer products?" and the same for screwdrivers "What are the available screwdriver products?". If I had more time I would like to make this more automatic, so that it could look at the homepage for the in-store products make a list, and if the length of the list were 0 it would return fx "Unfortunately there are no screwdrivers in stock.".

Then I tried to make a service for sending a user-defined photo from the user's local computer via Gmail, but I think I didn't really get the security to work. But then again, the people testing this service probably would like to put in their password details. An extension I would have liked to do to this if I had gotten the authentication to work would be to get the user info directly from the internet, so that you didn't need to write them in the compiler. Even though it does not work, I figured I would leave it in any way.

Then I created, through openweathermap.orgs API, a way to get weather information of a user inputted city. I have set it up with my own account API_key, which you hopefully are able to use too. 

Then I wanted to make something web based, by creating a dashboard, which became rather simple. At this moment it has a textbox, in which you can write links that need to be crawled by the chatbot, but it doesn't save them anywhere and it doesn't crawl them. This is something I would have liked to further develop but didn't have the time. Then it also writes unknown commands inputted into the chatbot. For further development, I would have liked it to be possible to checkmark the ones already taken care of.

Then I set up a requirement for the confidence level of the chatbot and made an autoreply if the confidence went under this threshold. And it also took this command and saved it for the dashboard if the confidence fell under the confidence. An of course if there were no other commands needed by the chatbot it tries to find the best response for the input received based on the learning given.
